Add docs regarding array updates by elements (#14279)
crate/crate: docs/sql/statements/update.rst

:column_ident:
    The name of a column in the table identified by ``table_ident``. It is also
    possible to use :ref:`object subscript <sql-object-subscript>` to address
    the inner fields of an object column and

>     :ref:`array subscript <sql-array-subscript>` to address array by elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :ref:`array subscript <sql-array-subscript>` to address elements of an array.
```
